README.md, before:

# gfxCardStatus
by Cody Krieger

gfxCardStatus is an open-source menu bar application for OS X that allows users
of dual GPU MacBook Pros to monitor the status of, and switch between said GPUs.

## License

Licensed under the New BSD License.

Copyright (c) 2010-2012, Cody Krieger
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:  
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  
    * Neither the name of gfxCardStatus nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.  

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODY KRIEGER BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Add checkout/build instructions to the readme.

README.md, after:

# gfxCardStatus
by Cody Krieger

gfxCardStatus is an open-source menu bar application for OS X that allows users
of dual GPU MacBook Pros to monitor the status of, and switch between said GPUs.

## Building from source

In order to successfully build gfxCardStatus, you've got to have its submodules
(namely ReactiveCocoa) cheked out.

Either:

```
git clone --recursive git://github.com/codykrieger/gfxCardStatus.git
```

Or, if you've already got the repo cloned:

```
cd /path/to/gfxCardStatus
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

Then just open up the Xcode project, build it, and you're ready to go.

## License

Licensed under the New BSD License.

Copyright (c) 2010-2012, Cody Krieger
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:  
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  
    * Neither the name of gfxCardStatus nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.  

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODY KRIEGER BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
